Release Candidate V0.4 (#296)
tomeshnet/prototype-cjdns-pi: docs/FAQ.md

```
## Wireless

> **Q:** Why do my Meshpoint/AdHoc nodes Release v0.3 or lower no longer mesh with V0.4 or higher?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Q:** Why do my MeshPoint/AdHoc nodes on v0.3 or lower no longer mesh with v0.4 or higher?
```

> **A:** We dropped the band width of MeshPoint and AdHoc to 20MHz from 40MHz. This should provider a bit better responsivness in urban environments.  Unfortunatlry the 20MHz and 40MHz bands do not work together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A:** We dropped the band width of MeshPoint and AdHoc to 20MHz from 40MHz in v0.4. This should provide a bit better responsiveness in urban environments.  Unfortunately the 20MHz and 40MHz bands do not work together.
```

To install
* Install Ad-Hoc mesh module
* Do NOT install Access Point

> If you have success using ad-hoc with on board cards please let us know your experience.

Reviewer: AdHoc vs. ad-hoc used across doc, consistent preferred.

Reviewer: Not blocking release, can leave as is.

Reviewer: Filed https://github.com/tomeshnet/prototype-cjdns-pi/issues/318
